the world cum're good wants to play
the interest of the playground because what I do not
I think you like what I was in
playground no, no, no, so let's go
it's these things that my heart claims
the simple things of life
the child's smile about the steps and
simplicity
today I did not want a crazy car riding in
what money the pampa just spent
although it was often this I wished
eyes fixed on how many times
I caught myself thinking blue in white on the
red castle phone or else 1 e
valentino in everything I want bigger
satisfaction is that a puppy just does not
had condition and self - pity for hades
I try ash bike and I in another
Only world that time passed
heroes and I did not graduate in
right and I was the nightmare came crown
offer a few years does not sleep at night
to wait for result under pressure
lava depression which also is the mother who
want to see his dead son on the ground
Phone rings at dawn and fear
receive the news your child the presence
both one
none is better option when the head
do not think body suffers and not the one who
it is necessary to listen to the correction
This smart game travels in the dark.
do not go on the missive in the illusion of the world
without trust in the owner of his own
reason has ears only for you
what's up happens we look from was also
in jewelry in safe
I've been my mother's neighborhood also of
I just did not get on well
I dragged a few years of cable to
evil arrives legendary plus one equals 2
Christmas see the fireworks huguinho know what
represents another turn of the year x who
is that 40 who have tasted of the poison know the
What I'm talking about is the
locked the flock of light on the floor when
bagulhos has everything available to all
there is no crisis or need
age regalia with everything on hand only that is
sand castle and collapses on the floor jo
Daughter, I'm really happy.
no sir
The robot is you, it's a simple thing.
business is simple coupon thing
the Lord
today the world
beautiful with great satisfaction that the magician
save the brothers were drinking tea du
laughs but it was in the mouth and it was already
long time that did not stop a moment and
I went through life as I was told
I just did not understand a smile
beautiful things if you heard only thought of
yourself
What I was satisfied with is a lot of people
this world apart from thinking only of itself
own
connected in order to vivian of many
things forgetting simple things from
day to day that does not buy the money and
momentary happiness and the eyes
fictious or biting to leave the soul to
match
many times this is how I felt
right and left through the crowd
semblance of sadness
the money was dirty the watermark of
blood
Are you going to miss a similar one?
I also saw my partners in the
first rap album on the list of 30
indigent without relatives never as in
case of epe, his mother was in favor of
Last afternoon that was worth the time and
that several cars from the gang
now the road ends in the
This career I have already experienced almost
of all I returned in the crime betrayal
chain has already taken advantage bragging
many out there only sheep took the
mathematics is not like this
the years that are given will never return to
The marks that stayed will not go out but
It's okay to live and face sells.
The British are not worthy. God is good and gave me
various gifts only for them to be okay
keep fighting my life if
Needed back I will not go back
freedom is what matters
even without any courage in the pocket
filipa catar fool's gold that makes
to shine and attract a daughter is
a treacherous decoy that makes man
loses his life for this is that I prefer the
children's smile
the singing of the birds and makes me
hope already seem so simplistic but
It's not foolish for me
life is passing and I here with the
simple things that he did
the good thing is you are simple thing to play
in the simple thing cuppa
I want to
in my family with great satisfaction and
stolen from brothers who were big world
drinking more sweet tea will not change
I want to pay homage to my master's rock.
blessed my name
the point you are simple business thing
it's a simple cuppa thing
today the union does not help my family
with great satisfaction and not paid until the
brothers, I looked beautiful
we took the tower but it is in the world
ae